---
layout: single
title: "Chapter 1"
---

The working day was drawing to a close, and Susan was just wrapping up the inevitable task of washing lab dishes. She couldn't help but daydream about the soothing shower that awaited her at home. Suddenly, the door behind her noisily opened, and through the opening, she caught sight of a massive object veiled in layers of protective paper. It entered solemnly into the room, and only then did she notice Max, his face beaming with satisfaction.

"What's all this?" she inquired, a hint of curiosity tinged with bemusement.

"They've just delivered it from the museum," Max replied, a grin stretching from ear to ear. "The boss mentioned it was an urgent job, so I thought I'd bring it straight to the laboratory."

"It?," Susan questioned, her eyebrows arching with intrigue.

"Yes, indeed. It's a painting, still snug in its ornate frame, which explains the unwieldy package," Max answered.

"Max, did you perhaps confuse the labs? This painting should be in the Fifth lab, in the painting department, not here with the 3D objects," Susan pointed out, a note of confusion in her voice.

"You're absolutely right," Max agreed, nodding. "I'm not losing my marbles, I promise. However, there's simply no room in the painting workshop right now. They're swamped, and they're short-staffed, which is why the boss decided to send it your way," Max explained."

A sense of dread washed over Susan. It felt like a nightmarish scenario she'd had in her dreams—a world where she dealt with paintings instead of her beloved medals and jewelry, though she thoroughly enjoyed gazing at them.

"And what about Joanna?" Susan wondered.

"Joanna is out of city on a field trip with her students, starting tomorrow. So, it's all on you for now," Max informed her.

Stay composed, Susan thought to herself.

"I'll think about it tomorrow," she declared, immediately invoking the spirit of Scarlett O'Hara.
